README.md, before:

QPlaceholder (@quasar/qplaceholder)
===

![official icon](https://img.shields.io/badge/Quasar%201.0-Official%20UI%20App%20Extension-blue.svg)
![npm (scoped)](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@quasar/quasar-app-extension-qplaceholder.svg?style=plastic)
[![GitHub code size in bytes](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/quasarframework/app-extension-qplaceholder.svg)]()
[![GitHub repo size in bytes](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/quasarframework/app-extension-qplaceholder.svg)]()
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/@quasar/quasar-app-extension-qplaceholder.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@quasar/quasar-app-extension-qplaceholder)

QPlaceholder is an `UI App Extension` for [Quasar Framework v1](https://v1.quasar-framework.org/). It will not work with legacy versions of Quasar Framework.

This work is currently in `beta` and there are expected changes while things get worked out. Your help with testing is greatly appreciated. Suggestions and PRs welcomed.

# Info
QPlaceholder allows you to display a placeholder before your data arrives from your server.

# Install
To add this App Extension to your Quasar application, run the following (in your Quasar app folder):
```
quasar ext add @quasar/qplaceholder
```

# Uninstall
To remove this App Extension from your Quasar application, run the following (in your Quasar app folder):
```
quasar ext remove @quasar/qplaceholder
```

# Describe
(TBD) You can use `quasar describe QPlaceholder`

# Donate
If you appreciate the work that went into this App Extension, please consider [donating to Quasar](https://donate.quasar.dev).

Commit message:

chore: update readme with examples link

README.md, after:

QPlaceholder (@quasar/qplaceholder)
===

![official icon](https://img.shields.io/badge/Quasar%201.0-Official%20UI%20App%20Extension-blue.svg)
![npm (scoped)](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@quasar/quasar-app-extension-qplaceholder.svg?style=plastic)
[![GitHub code size in bytes](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/quasarframework/app-extension-qplaceholder.svg)]()
[![GitHub repo size in bytes](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/quasarframework/app-extension-qplaceholder.svg)]()
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/@quasar/quasar-app-extension-qplaceholder.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@quasar/quasar-app-extension-qplaceholder)

QPlaceholder is an `UI App Extension` for [Quasar Framework v1](https://v1.quasar-framework.org/). It will not work with legacy versions of Quasar Framework.

This work is currently in `beta` and there are expected changes while things get worked out. Your help with testing is greatly appreciated. Suggestions and PRs welcomed.

# Info
QPlaceholder allows you to display a placeholder before your data arrives from your server.

# Demo Project (source)
Can be found [here](https://github.com/quasarframework/app-extension-qplaceholder/tree/master/demo).

# Documentation and Examples
Can be found [here](https://quasarframework.github.io/app-extension-qplaceholder).

# Install
To add this App Extension to your Quasar application, run the following (in your Quasar app folder):
```
quasar ext add @quasar/qplaceholder
```

# Uninstall
To remove this App Extension from your Quasar application, run the following (in your Quasar app folder):
```
quasar ext remove @quasar/qplaceholder
```

# Describe
(TBD) You can use `quasar describe QPlaceholder`

# Donate
If you appreciate the work that went into this App Extension, please consider [donating to Quasar](https://donate.quasar.dev).
